# Blink

A steampunk airship pirate platformer in which you are Blink, the novice technomancer pirate girl, crew member of the dreaded airship, Red Raven, bearer of the enchanted clockwork eyepatch, Star Lid.
Your job is to attack the airships, steal their treasures, and leave before the navy arrives, with your unique style. You are a technomancer, nobody makes you jump, not even run. You are walking gracefully on the board, and if you have to visit other airships, it’s just a blink, literally.
With your eyepatch, Star Lid, you are able to perfectly calculate the distance between you and the place you are looking at, and after that, you just have to close your eye, and when you open it again, you will appear exactly there. This is the blink magic, what lets you teleport in your field of view.
This is your primary weapon. Teleport behind your enemies and defeat them with one of your secondary weapons, the cutlass or the blunderbuss. Teleport into closed cabins by looking through keyholes, and teleport out with the treasure. And if you can’t handle one of your heavy armored or totally mechanical enemies, teleport with them into the air, and throw them into the abyss, or on other enemies.
The controls are simple. You can walk with the arrows, use your abilities with hotkeys, and blink under the cursor. If there is an enemy, you can teleport-grab him, and carry with you for your next blink, to drop him somewhere else.

However staying alive is not so easy. Red Raven and the attacked airships are always moving, and their crews are trying to shoot down every pirate, so you have to measure every blink perfectly, or you will fall into the depths, or into the crossfire. 
The levels are semi-random generated. The size of the ships, their crew, and the treasures are all calculated from the difficulty of the level. There are special levels too, where you have to rescue one of your crew members, explore a flying mechanical treasure island full with booby traps, or siege flying fortresses.
By killing enemies, either by weapons or by gravity, you can collect more money. After every level, you can use your money to buy new weapons, magic spells, and upgrades. You can buy deadlier swords, faster pistols, techno-enchantments and curses, anti-bullet shield-mechanics and magic shield generating amulets, or mini parachutes and mechanical wings.
You have to fight with swordsmen, gunmen, turtle-like heavy armored, hammer-wielding warriors, clockwork chaingunner robots, and other technomancers. In boss-fights you have to defeat the upgraded variations of these enemies, or some extreme creatures, like a thinking airship-robot, or a dragon. And finally, defeat Rusty Beard, the technomancer pirate captain to become the greatest pirate captain of the world!
If this is too tough for you, invite your friends, and defeat your enemies in the cooperative mode, and attack other players together in the plunder mode!
